model.decoration.signs.Armour Smith=signs/armour smith.wom
model.decoration.signs.Bank=signs/bank.wom
model.decoration.signs.Berries=signs/berries hazelnuts.wom
model.decoration.signs.Blacksmith=signs/Blacksmith.wom
model.decoration.signs.Bushes=signs/bushes flowers.wom
model.decoration.signs.Carpentry=signs/carpentry.wom
model.decoration.signs.Digging=signs/digging.wom
model.decoration.signs.Dyes=signs/dyes.wom
model.decoration.signs.Fruits=signs/fruits.wom
model.decoration.signs.Grains=signs/grains.wom
model.decoration.signs.Grapes=signs/grapes.wom
model.decoration.signs.Hops=signs/hops.wom
model.decoration.signs.Inn Food=signs/inn food.wom
model.decoration.signs.Inn Sleep=signs/inn sleep.wom
model.decoration.signs.Leather Working=signs/leather working.wom
model.decoration.signs.Maple=signs/maple.wom
model.decoration.signs.Mining=signs/mining.wom
model.decoration.signs.Magic Mushrooms=signs/mushrooms magics.wom
model.decoration.signs.Mushrooms=signs/mushrooms.wom
model.decoration.signs.Nuts=signs/nuts.wom
model.decoration.signs.Empty Frame=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Pottery=signs/pottery.wom
model.decoration.signs.Rope Making=signs/rope making.wom
model.decoration.signs.Masonry=signs/masonry.wom
model.decoration.signs.Shipbuilding=signs/shipbuilding.wom
model.decoration.signs.Sorcery=signs/sorcery.wom
model.decoration.signs.Stone Cutting=signs/stone cutting.wom
model.decoration.signs.Tailoring Cotton=signs/tailoring cotton.wom
model.decoration.signs.Tailoring Wool=signs/tailoring Wool.wom
model.decoration.signs.Tavern=signs/tavern.wom
model.decoration.signs.Vegetables=signs/vegetables.wom
model.decoration.signs.Weaponsmith=signs/weapon smith.wom
model.decoration.signs.Woodcutting=signs/woodcutting.wom

model.decoration.signs.Armour Smith.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Bank.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Berries.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Blacksmith.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Bushes.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Carpentry.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Digging.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Dyes.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Fruits.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Grains.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Grapes.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Hops.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Inn Food.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Inn Sleep.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Leather Working.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Maple.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Mining.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Magic Mushrooms.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Mushrooms.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Nuts.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Olives.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Pottery.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Rope Making.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Masonry.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Shipbuilding.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Sorcery.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Stone Cutting.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Tailoring Cotton.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Tailoring Wool.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Tavern.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Vegetables.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Weaponsmith.unfinished=signs/empty.wom
model.decoration.signs.Woodcutting.unfinished=signs/empty.wom